The program preproc_stj ingests a raw input file from St Johns Water Management
District containing time of tip telemetry rain gauge measurements for the 
entire network.  The program then performs three basic operations on the file
listed below:

1) collects data from each gauge and parses into individual gauge files

2) reorders the original data so that output file begins with first recorded
tip and ends with the last.  The raw data records contrastly begin with the 
most recent record and ens with the first recorded record.

3) The raw rainfall measurements represent accumulation totals from some
arbitrary point in time.  The time of tip information is backed out by 
subtracting the current record from the previous record.  Only nonzero
amounts are written out to output (telemetry system interogates individual
gauges every 6 hours.  If no rainfall is detected a record is written
out with the same accumulation as the previous record.  These records are
filtered by procedure in 3)

Important caveats on running program - Files are named according to the
input file.  Strict file naming conventions must be adhered to.  The original
data is downloaded to a PC which limits the number of allowable characters
in a filename.  Files are named according to the date on which the data is
downloaded.  The total number of characters in a file name should be exactly
9.  An example of this convention is as follows:  stj01149.7.  Although 
additional characters attached to extension are in principle allowable, they
serve no additional purpose in uniquely distinquishing raw data files. It
is therefore not recommended that such characters be used.

Gremlins (bogus PC characters) occasionally occur at the end of a raw data 
file.  This program will ungracefully terminate if such characters are detected.
It is recommended that users examine the end of file before execution of program.
Otherwise, if program terminates, last line should be checked and deleted if
necessary.  Output files should be deleted as well and the program then rerun.
It is not absolutely necessary to delete the output, but since program only
requires 5 seconds to run, it is recommended.